Update README files (#1591)
LiskHQ/lisk-service: services/template/README.md

The Template service is an abstract service that all of Lisk Service services are inherited from. It allows all services to share a similar interface and design pattern. Its purpose is to reduce code duplication and increase consistency between each service, hence simplifying code maintenance and testing.

> > Note that this installation instruction is required only for development activities. For a regular Lisk Service user, the official [documentation](https://lisk.com/documentation/lisk-service/) is sufficient to run their own instance. The global readme file present in the root directory describes how to run all microservices simultaneously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note that this installation instruction is required only for development activities. For a regular Lisk Service user, the official [documentation](https://lisk.com/documentation/lisk-service/) is sufficient to run an instance. The global readme file present in the root directory describes how to run all the microservices simultaneously.
```

## Configuration

> To configure the different microservices, there are several environment variables, the user can define to customize the configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the different microservices, there are several environment variables the user can define to customize the configurations.
```

The template service does not use any of them by default.

## Management

### Start

```bash
cd lisk-service/services/template # move into the root directory of the template microservice
npm start # start the microservice
```

Use the `framework/bin/moleculer_client.js` and `framework/bin/moleculer_subscribe.js` clients to test specific service endpoints.

> Once the process is verified as running correctly, `CTRL+C` and start the process with `PM2`. This will fork the process into the background and automatically recover the process if it fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the process is verified as running correctly, press `CTRL+C` and start the process with `PM2`. This will fork the process into the background and automatically recover the process if it fails.
```
